[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're with Tim,
a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, thanks for joining.
>>TIM: Thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: Today we
want to talk about how
language is correlated
into source and time.
What's your thoughts on that?
>>TIM: Languages are
a super important way
to maneuver yourself through
the experience of reality.
That is basically something
or the main reason
why there are languages.
We know that many archaic
texts from all over the world,
they all say in the
beginning there was sound
or there was the
word or something.
And there is a lot
of truth to that.
There are versions of a universe
that only consist of sound
as just the way this version of
the universe consists of light.
And those versions, they
overlap each other already.
So words and frequencies
of words and tones
can be used and have been used
in order to maneuver yourself
through reality.
Because 3D movement
is not the only way
we can relocate ourselves.
There's much more to that.
And words can be used in order
to bring a cohesive thought
into manifestation.
Unfortunately, and
that is something
that is really heavy
on this planet.
There are two things that
make it a little challenging.
The first thing is the
languages of the Earth
have systematically been
modified in order to bring
chaos to that system.
Normally, it used
to be that languages
are used in order to communicate
from a consciousness unit
to the--
we would call it all in German,
which means to the everything.
Unfortunately, whoever
put educational systems
and language rules up on
the population of Earth,
they cheated a little bit
with the people of Earth
and made it harder
in order to manifest.
That is a huge problem.
So a lot of the sentences,
the words, and the way grammar
works is modified in a way
to make it more challenging.
It's just as if you were moving
towards this kind of putty
or something that
makes it really sticky.
And you need to
put a lot of effort
in it in order to
elevate yourself.
Normally, that process
would be super easy.
There are realms of reality
where words are so precise, so
precisely-connected to the
reality that those words
automatically and instantly
will change your perception
and the way you
perceive reality.
That is number one.
Number two is that compared
to other languages,
we could, for example,
compare that to the language
the Greys are using, those
languages are super complex.
And earthly languages tend to
be very close-minded and have--
>>EMERY: --They're not precise?
>>TIM: They're not
precise, exactly.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: So that's-- a lot of
perceptible experiences are
very hard to describe
in earthly language.
The Greys, for example,
includes the position
of time inside the language.
Those languages
are super precise.
They also include
different properties
into their own words
and their languages.
And that makes it
super, super precise,
just because they are a super
mental and cognitive race.
>>EMERY: Probably speeds
up their communications,
I would think, compared
to the language here--
and all the languages
here on Earth
are very discombobulating.
>>TIM: That's true.
So the German language for
example is modified in a way
that pretty much everything
that could be healthy and good
is negated.
So if we're talking
about entertainment,
for example, the
German word for that
is "Unterhaltung,"
which actually
means to hold someone down--
"unter," "haltung," hold down.
So that describes
that entertainment
is being used in order to hold
people down from something.
We have different other
examples for that.
So if someone sneezes,
you say bless you.
In Germany, they say Gesundheit.
>>EMERY: Gesundheit.
>>TIM: Right.
And the first
syllable, ge, means go.
That means like go away.
So you're actually giving--
so you mean to say be healthy
or something-- like "Heilung"
would be a very
positive word for that.
But Gesundheit sanity
means sundheit, sanity.
But go and ge means go away.
So that is something that people
have been taught upon in order
to say that to each other.
And it's so automatically--
no one thinks about it.
It's like you say,
bless you, bless you.
And you wish something
into the universe
that is not directly your wish.
Because what you want
to do is actually
to wish somebody health.
>>EMERY: How is that negated?
Who was responsible for that?
>>TIM: Who, that's a
interesting question.
Who did that?
Somebody.
So the Greys are
accusing someone.
I know that people
who looked into that
are accusing somebody,
some foreign force.
I cannot say that.
I don't know if it's true.
I know somebody put
that into place.
So whoever put up the
educational system
and even went into different
other parts of the world,
invaded them, and then put
missionary educational systems
and languages to those
barbaric, uneducated people,
they might be cheated
in the first place
in order to bring languages
and distortion of languages
to other tribes in
the world, which
is super effective but
also super malevolent.
>>EMERY: So who do you
believe was the master who
came up with these languages?
>>TIM: In the first
place, languages
were pretty close
to source itself.
But we see that there had been
some kind of modification,
manipulation on the
system of language.
Whoever did that was
doing it intentionally
in order to prevent humans
from evolving too quickly.
And whoever did that--
and I'm not saying who that
was, because I don't know that--
but someone did it.
And whoever did that was a very
elevated and high intelligence
and must have known the
languages of Earth a lot.
And we see that in
English as well.
So a lot of Latin words
have been integrated
into the English language.
And people have been taught
to use those Latin words.
But those Latin words sometimes
have the similar effect.
So we were talking, for example,
about the word future, which
means basically is coming from
the Latin word futura, which
consists of two different words.
The first part of it is fu,
which means fu like bad.
And tura is something
that derives
from a Latin word that means
to manifest by using incense.
So different species
or different tribes
have used different
techniques in order
to connect to the
universe in order
to connect with source
and to manifest things.
For example, Germans,
the original word
for power in the Indo-Germanic
original language
is the same word
for forest today.
So German people
or Germanic people
have seen the power
of trees and nature
and have used that
by their connection
to nature in order to manifest
and to connect to source.
Roman people were different.
They were using a lot
of incense in order
to have smoke and use
the smoke to bring focus
into that and to
manifest things.
So the second part
of the word future
is basically meaning
manifesting something
through using incense.
But in combination, future
actually means bad luck.
So everyone who is
bringing something
from the future or something
I have that and this wish
and that is his or
her future, basically
is miscommunicating with
the universe in itself.
The universe then,
as a life form,
doesn't exactly know what
you're talking about.
Because for the universe
there is no bad, no good.
It's only reality and
experience of the reality.
And the universe might give you
a bad feedback when you do not
communicate correctly.
>>EMERY: When did you
think this all changed?
Why don't we just keep
Sanskrit, this ancient language?
Because from there to all
these other languages,
which is big gap in
time, and when do you
think that time was?
>>TIM: So we think that
the originator languages
or the original
languages that were--
and you have those
stories that those
are coming from
source or something,
that those languages are lost.
No one knows where
they got lost.
But at some point, someone or
something made people on Earth
use a modified version
of their own language.
Sanskrit is the only
language that has
connections to source itself.
And that still remains.
It's the only one left.
Everyone, everything else
mysteriously disappeared.
But we see in the
history of humanity,
a systematic modification
of languages.
And also, whoever did that and
brought that upon this planet,
they were using a specifica
of ape races, which
is coming from their
tendency to be connected
in tribes or in hoards.
And in hoards you need to
stick to a common set of rules.
That is giving from one
to another generation
and stick to that very closely.
They rely on that.
They need that in
order to be successful.
So that behaviorism is
still inside of humanity.
If you expose someone
to a rule or a mindset,
so an intelligent, it's
called contaminated.
That is a contaminated
generation
that will go on with
that contaminated thought
until someone else brings in
an opposing thought, which
is mainly re-habituating
or re-educating
that previous generation.
So if you tell--
and this is pretty much
what everyone on this planet
has experienced--
you cannot argue with other
members of this ape species,
even if they are super wrong,
even if you give them evidence
or proof even, they will still
stick to what has been educated
upon them.
Because their ape genetics
is what tells them
that it is very important
for the success of the hoard,
of the tribe to stick to the
rule of the last generation.
>>EMERY: Speaking of tribe,
you mentioned earlier
about the Greys
and their language,
how time and coordinates
is already incorporated
into their language.
And here, there have been
ancient civilizations
and Aboriginal tribes
here that don't
use a past or present tense.
>>TIM: Yeah.
There are also tribes that
do not have a word for I
and you, which is
very interesting.
Because they have still this
connected, unified mindset
inside of their language.
>>EMERY: Do you think
that makes it easier
or more difficult in language?
>>TIM: It depends on
what you want to create
and what you focus on.
So there's this theory
that I cannot be defined.
And I cannot be defined unless
it brings itself in opposition
to a you.
That means everything that
is different to you is I.
>>EMERY: But I am you.
>>TIM: True.
But you're still you.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: So that is
a paradox, and it's
a paradox in this universe.
If you do not have
a concept of an I,
and there are species
that have no I,
they tend to have a
collective memory system.
They have a different
perception of reality.
Why should they develop a
language that distinguishes
or differentiates?
And it's also sometimes
pretty hard to explain.
Because human people
sometimes ask me, Tim,
what's the name of--
what's their name?
This is also something that's
inside of human language
in order to differentiate
yourself from something else.
So this is Emery.
And that's banana.
And in reality, it's all
that connected field.
And there is lots and
lots more properties
to Emery and lots
more properties
to banana than just calling
it banana and Emery.
So the language of the Greys is
using all those probabilities,
all those different data
sets in their language
in order to make
it more precise.
>>EMERY: Why have languages
lost their power here on Earth?
>>TIM: Because
languages in itself
they are used in
order to communicate
between the consciousness
unit and the collective
or the all, the everything.
And again, languages
have been modified here.
But one thing that
has also happened
is that because people have been
taught a modified, manipulated,
and chaotic system
of languages, they
have experienced a loss of
feedback, which is pretty
important for the universe.
Because everything is relying on
feedback mechanism, which means
I do something.
And something brings
back a consequence.
And it can then adjust that.
But as people have used those
modified languages a lot,
and I mean we could talk how
to unmodify that and build
upon a new structure of
language the language that
would be more benevolent
for your manifestation.
But as people have used
their modified languages
over the generations, they have
suffered a lot less feedback.
They have just felt that
it's not working anymore.
Like it used to work.
And with less feedback
from the universe,
language becomes more
and more unimportant.
And that is what people have
experienced a lot, which
is a good thing in a way.
Because the installation and
the modification of languages
has never, ever been
so weak like it's now.
Because people do not
mean what they speak.
They just put out words.
And on the most basic
level of communication,
this recipient and communicator
thing does the job.
But that's mostly it.
One thing that has
been very important
is a cohesive
current thought that
transports the message you're
giving out into the universe.
So the universe is on
different level of perception.
It's active on all those levels.
The more levels of the universe
you put into your language
and into your coordination
and communication,
the more powerful
the language becomes.
So if you only speak and
you have all those thoughts
in your head that go in
two different directions
and they are not focused, you
basically just put out sounds.
And people, they base
their whole communication
upon sounds.
But that's not all.
Communication is much more.
And the more information you
can put into that, the more
feedback you become.
So one thing that a lot
of species, especially
when we look at humanoid species
on different planets, what
they do, they connect
their thoughts
very closely to the words.
They also have a more
evolved language system,
which helps them.
But bringing a cohesive current
thought connected to the sound
you make is something
that communication--
everything benefits from that.
You can feel that if
someone radiates truth,
you can feel the truth.
You might even if
you phone someone,
and that person is smiling,
you can feel that by the phone.
So that is something
that can only
be explained if more
information is connected then--
that can only be explained
if more information comes
with it then only sound.
>>EMERY: It gives more energy.
>>TIM: Yeah, energy and
information and focus.
>>EMERY: Right.
Understood.
We hear a lot about
extraterrestrials
using telepathy as a
way of communicating.
Is that something that
you're aware of or are they
all just using sound?
>>TIM: Well, telepathy
is another wave pattern
that you can put
into the universe.
So if you imagine sound
and not only as something
you can perceive
but also something
that is a wave
pattern, then that
is something that passed
the way, so to speak,
in order to bring
information from me to you.
But psyonics, those
are also wave patterns.
That is why technology can
utilize that mechanism,
imitate those wave
patterns and bring psyonics
through technology.
So a lot of species have
understood those mechanisms.
They are more trained and
more used to use those wave
patterns.
Some species are not.
But in those species that you
mentioned, they use telepathy.
And they mostly do
it, because it's
a way for them to overcome
the barriers of sound,
which means it's
easier for them to put
a thought into your head.
Because then information is--
it's interpreted by
your own perception
instead of listening
to acoustic signals
and putting them into
some kind of understanding
system or something like that.
>>TIM: It's very
specific, telepathy,
through my experience.
Because if I said, Tim,
let's go to the park,
that message that you
see is already the time.
You see the park.
You know where it's at.
There's so much more covered
in that one patch of energy
that comes at you.
And I've seen this with
extraterrestrials too.
>>TIM: Yeah.
It's a universal language.
Because it's the way a
mental-based universe
communicates with itself.
That overcomes some struggle.
So mostly, for example, if
we are talking about those
humanoid races, those other
humans that are existing
in the universe-- and I'm at
least aware of three types that
do that--
they not only have a very
sophisticated language system,
but they also are very
advanced and very concentrated
in the way they put
their cohesive thought
into the language.
So it's not only speaking
and bringing out sounds.
It's a very sophisticated
and concentrated transfer
of different data sets.
>>EMERY: And emotion.
>>TIM: And emotion, yes.
Emotions are hugely
important to the universe.
That is also something that
has been modified and altered
by that installation.
Because if we look at it,
lots and lots of things
that you can perceive in
the media or something
on this planet,
those things, they
tend to modify the
emotions of people.
They have fear.
Mostly every movie
that you can watch
has some kind of death in it.
And it's always portrayed as
super traumatic and super,
super intense and bad.
And that is also
something that got stuck.
And it's a
self-sustainable system.
So once someone has put
that into an ape species,
and that ape species
got habituated to that,
it starts to recreate
this pattern.
>>EMERY: It's habitual.
>>TIM: Other species
do not do that.
Another species would
say like, why should I
produce horror movies
which make people bad?
Why should I do that?
They go back to the
decision, reflect upon it.
And then change their behavior.
But again, ape species
rely upon this pattern.
They need that in a very
early stage of evolution
in order to bring
stability to their system,
to their genetics.
We've already overcome that.
There's no reason anymore
for all those behaviors, all
those ape-like, denaturalized,
systematic thinking.
>>EMERY: Tim, always a pleasure
to have you on the show.
Thank you so much.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>>PRESENTER: Next, on
Cosmic Disclosure--
>>MAN: Jesus' extraordinary
birth involves
UFO phenomenon of course.
According to religion Mary was
impregnated by the Holy Spirit
or as the messages of
extraterrestrial beings assert,
Mary was artificially
inseminated.
This makes me wonder, if
Gabriel and other angels
were really extraterrestrials,
these great masters of history
were assisted by superior forces
and in my way of seeing things
with the active participation
of extraterrestrials.
[MUSIC PLAYING]